Subject:  [ctcnet] Revised handouts to teach adults basic computer skills 
Date:  Thu, 29 Sep 2005 14:07:56 -0400 
From:  Judy Hallman <hallman@email.unc.edu> 
To:  ctcmembers@lists.ctcnet.org 



I have revised handouts for four classes RTPnet has used (since 1996) to
teach basic computer skills to adults. They are linked from
http://www.rtpnet.org/collections/comp.shtml.

There's an overview at
http://www.rtpnet.org/collections/handouts/overview.html.

These are step-by-step instructions. They can be used by volunteer
teachers who have not taught before. Students can take home the handouts
and repeat on their own what was covered in class.

I've tried to minimize typing since many people who take our classes
can't type.

The goal is to teach how to use a mouse, how to get around on the
Internet and use email, and then how to continue learning using
http://www.GCFLearnFree.org.

The Internet class is fun! I got carried away with Google maps. You
might want to check out some of the exercises. And reverse lookup at
superpages.com is helpful to me when I get a garbled message in my
answering machine.

We teach Paint in the first class because you don't need to type and
it's fun.

If the content is useful but you prefer to use different software, I'd
be glad to modify what I have to create additional versions. Similarly,
if there is a topic that is needed, let me know and I'll see what I can do.

I really like MyWay.com for free email, but would be glad to also do
yahoo, hotmail, and/or others if you find these are better services in
some cases. My Way has a very short simple registration form with
minimal typing required, no ads, good spam filters, and 125.0 MB.

Judy Hallman (hallman@rtpnet.org, http://www.rtpnet.org/hallman)
Executive Director, RTPnet, NC (http://www.RTPnet.org/)


